Feature: Update constraints.md to include `warn_unenforced` example (#7175)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-properties/constraints.md

This syntax for defining foreign keys uses `ref`, meaning it will capture dependencies and works across different environments. It's available in [<Constant name="cloud" /> "Latest""](/docs/dbt-versions/cloud-release-tracks) and [<Constant name="core" /> v1.9+](/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/upgrading-to-v1.9).

> Because constraint support and enforcement [varies by platform](/reference/resource-properties/constraints#platform-specific-support), dbt offers two optional fields you can specify on any constraint:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since constraints support and enforcement [varies by platform](/reference/resource-properties/constraints#platform-specific-support), dbt offers two optional fields you can specify on any filter:
```
